you're going down
no way you're getting away right too
smart for that
no matter I'll finish this myself
that I taught
over there
Tom that Eugene box stoppin motherfucker
wait a minute did he did he set this all
up on purpose is he gonna try to take
advantage of the situation what's he
planning
what's the deal with you calling me here
if you're looking for a fight
bring it on I never did like you asshole
don't jump to conclusions boyo
these are direct orders from the boss
looks like one of your crew has their
sights set on assassinating zammeti are
we saying one of us is a traitor that's
exactly what I'm saying
when you figure out who it is take care
of them
got a question for you
what is it
why do you trust me with such an
important mission for all you know I'm
the traitor here simple I've never
really liked you
you're a brainless thug a wild dog
thirsty for blood but you're no traitor
if you were the traitor
about murdering you on the spot
it takes balls to come out and say that
you're in that kind of bullshit makes me
want to become a traitor I am a wild dog
after all right
do what you want we've got you on a
short leash I don't like your attitude
what a coincidence I just have the same
thought that motherfucker
what if he's right he's one of the other
forest writer who cocky asshole Aaron or
Gina seems like she's got something to
hide is it Lola she never talks much
about herself
what above Jason damn it
I just don't know should I take him all
out just in case shit what a few genes
just trying to set me up
this whole thing is fought